# Box TypeScript SDK GENERATED

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Installing](#installing)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Questions, Bugs, and Feature Requests?](#questions-bugs-and-feature-requests)
  - [Copyright and License](#copyright-and-license)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Installing

```console
npm install git+ssh://git@github.com/box/box-ts-sdk-generated.git
```

This is autogenerated Box SDK Beta version. The engine used for generating this SDK can be found [here](https://github.com/box/box-codegen).

# Getting Started

To get started with the SDK, get a Developer Token from the Configuration page of your app in the [Box Developer
Console](https://app.box.com/developers/console). You can use this token to make test calls for your own Box account.

The SDK provides an `DeveloperTokenAuth` class, which allows you to authenticate using your Developer Token.
Use instance of `DeveloperTokenAuth` to initialize `Client` object.
Using `Client` object you can access managers, which allow you to perform some operations on your Box account.

The example below demonstrates how to authenticate with Developer Token and print names of all items inside a root folder.

```js
const { Client } = require('BoxSDK/lib/client.generated.js');
const { DeveloperTokenAuth } = require('BoxSDK/lib/developerTokenAuth.js');

async function main(token) {
  let auth = new DeveloperTokenAuth({ token });
  let client = new Client({ auth });
  let entries = (await client.folders.getFolderItems('0')).entries;
  entries.forEach((entry) => console.log(entry));
}

main('INSERT YOUR DEVELOPER TOKEN HERE');
```

# Questions, Bugs, and Feature Requests?

Need to contact us directly? [Browse the issues
tickets](https://github.com/box/box-ts-sdk-generated/issues)! Or, if that
doesn't work, [file a new
one](https://github.com/box/box-ts-sdk-generated/issues/new) and we will get
back to you. If you have general questions about the Box API, you can
post to the [Box Developer
Forum](https://community.box.com/t5/Developer-Forum/bd-p/DeveloperForum).

# Copyright and License

Copyright 2023 Box, Inc. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
