docs/termsOfServiceUserStatuses.md, before:

# TermsOfServiceUserStatusesManager

- [List terms of service user statuses](#list-terms-of-service-user-statuses)
- [Create terms of service status for new user](#create-terms-of-service-status-for-new-user)
- [Update terms of service status for existing user](#update-terms-of-service-status-for-existing-user)

## List terms of service user statuses

Retrieves an overview of users and their status for a
terms of service, including Whether they have accepted
the terms and when.

This operation is performed by calling function `getTermsOfServiceUserStatuses`.

See the endpoint docs at
[API Reference](https://developer.box.com/reference/get-terms-of-service-user-statuses/).

<!-- sample get_terms_of_service_user_statuses -->

```ts
await client.termsOfServiceUserStatuses.getTermsOfServiceUserStatuses({
  tosId: tos.id,
  userId: user.id,
} satisfies GetTermsOfServiceUserStatusesQueryParams);
```

### Arguments

- queryParams `GetTermsOfServiceUserStatusesQueryParams`
  - Query parameters of getTermsOfServiceUserStatuses method
- headers `GetTermsOfServiceUserStatusesHeaders`
  - Headers of getTermsOfServiceUserStatuses method
- cancellationToken `undefined | CancellationToken`
  - Token used for request cancellation.

### Returns

This function returns a value of type `TermsOfServiceUserStatuses`.

Returns a list of terms of service statuses.

## Create terms of service status for new user

Sets the status for a terms of service for a user.

This operation is performed by calling function `createTermsOfServiceStatusForUser`.

See the endpoint docs at
[API Reference](https://developer.box.com/reference/post-terms-of-service-user-statuses/).

<!-- sample post_terms_of_service_user_statuses -->

```ts
await client.termsOfServiceUserStatuses.createTermsOfServiceStatusForUser({
  tos: new CreateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserRequestBodyTosField({ id: tos.id }),
  user: new CreateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserRequestBodyUserField({
    id: user.id,
  }),
  isAccepted: false,
} satisfies CreateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserRequestBody);
```

### Arguments

- requestBody `CreateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserRequestBody`
  - Request body of createTermsOfServiceStatusForUser method
- headers `CreateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserHeaders`
  - Headers of createTermsOfServiceStatusForUser method
- cancellationToken `undefined | CancellationToken`
  - Token used for request cancellation.

### Returns

This function returns a value of type `TermsOfServiceUserStatus`.

Returns a terms of service status object.

## Update terms of service status for existing user

Updates the status for a terms of service for a user.

This operation is performed by calling function `updateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserById`.

See the endpoint docs at
[API Reference](https://developer.box.com/reference/put-terms-of-service-user-statuses-id/).

<!-- sample put_terms_of_service_user_statuses_id -->

```ts
await client.termsOfServiceUserStatuses.updateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserById(
  createdTosUserStatus.id,
  {
    isAccepted: true,
  } satisfies UpdateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserByIdRequestBody
);
```

### Arguments

- termsOfServiceUserStatusId `string`
  - The ID of the terms of service status. Example: "324234"
- requestBody `UpdateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserByIdRequestBody`
  - Request body of updateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserById method
- headers `UpdateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserByIdHeaders`
  - Headers of updateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserById method
- cancellationToken `undefined | CancellationToken`
  - Token used for request cancellation.

### Returns

This function returns a value of type `TermsOfServiceUserStatus`.

Returns the updated terms of service status object.

Commit message:

feat: Define interfaces for headers input (box/box-codegen#468) (#134)

docs/termsOfServiceUserStatuses.md, after:

# TermsOfServiceUserStatusesManager

- [List terms of service user statuses](#list-terms-of-service-user-statuses)
- [Create terms of service status for new user](#create-terms-of-service-status-for-new-user)
- [Update terms of service status for existing user](#update-terms-of-service-status-for-existing-user)

## List terms of service user statuses

Retrieves an overview of users and their status for a
terms of service, including Whether they have accepted
the terms and when.

This operation is performed by calling function `getTermsOfServiceUserStatuses`.

See the endpoint docs at
[API Reference](https://developer.box.com/reference/get-terms-of-service-user-statuses/).

<!-- sample get_terms_of_service_user_statuses -->

```ts
await client.termsOfServiceUserStatuses.getTermsOfServiceUserStatuses({
  tosId: tos.id,
  userId: user.id,
} satisfies GetTermsOfServiceUserStatusesQueryParams);
```

### Arguments

- queryParams `GetTermsOfServiceUserStatusesQueryParams`
  - Query parameters of getTermsOfServiceUserStatuses method
- headersInput `GetTermsOfServiceUserStatusesHeadersInput`
  - Headers of getTermsOfServiceUserStatuses method
- cancellationToken `undefined | CancellationToken`
  - Token used for request cancellation.

### Returns

This function returns a value of type `TermsOfServiceUserStatuses`.

Returns a list of terms of service statuses.

## Create terms of service status for new user

Sets the status for a terms of service for a user.

This operation is performed by calling function `createTermsOfServiceStatusForUser`.

See the endpoint docs at
[API Reference](https://developer.box.com/reference/post-terms-of-service-user-statuses/).

<!-- sample post_terms_of_service_user_statuses -->

```ts
await client.termsOfServiceUserStatuses.createTermsOfServiceStatusForUser({
  tos: new CreateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserRequestBodyTosField({ id: tos.id }),
  user: new CreateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserRequestBodyUserField({
    id: user.id,
  }),
  isAccepted: false,
} satisfies CreateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserRequestBody);
```

### Arguments

- requestBody `CreateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserRequestBody`
  - Request body of createTermsOfServiceStatusForUser method
- headersInput `CreateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserHeadersInput`
  - Headers of createTermsOfServiceStatusForUser method
- cancellationToken `undefined | CancellationToken`
  - Token used for request cancellation.

### Returns

This function returns a value of type `TermsOfServiceUserStatus`.

Returns a terms of service status object.

## Update terms of service status for existing user

Updates the status for a terms of service for a user.

This operation is performed by calling function `updateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserById`.

See the endpoint docs at
[API Reference](https://developer.box.com/reference/put-terms-of-service-user-statuses-id/).

<!-- sample put_terms_of_service_user_statuses_id -->

```ts
await client.termsOfServiceUserStatuses.updateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserById(
  createdTosUserStatus.id,
  {
    isAccepted: true,
  } satisfies UpdateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserByIdRequestBody
);
```

### Arguments

- termsOfServiceUserStatusId `string`
  - The ID of the terms of service status. Example: "324234"
- requestBody `UpdateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserByIdRequestBody`
  - Request body of updateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserById method
- headersInput `UpdateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserByIdHeadersInput`
  - Headers of updateTermsOfServiceStatusForUserById method
- cancellationToken `undefined | CancellationToken`
  - Token used for request cancellation.

### Returns

This function returns a value of type `TermsOfServiceUserStatus`.

Returns the updated terms of service status object.
